Sir, this is the access card for the villa.
You can set your own password in the past.
Our beautiful villas have dedicated butlers to serve you.
If you have any questions during the process, you can ask the steward.
How is this possible. How can you, a Chinese, get so much money?
I don’t know who can’t afford it.
you. Where did you get so much money?
Also Qin Yuan. Don't you think you have money?
You meet people alone. If it weren't for your card, it would cost you ninety-five yuan.
Are you always so embarrassed? Of course you do.
I always play to death tonight. Just now they were talking about acquired disgust.
you do not know. I don’t know. It should have been some time ago
Has our group terminated cooperation with them before?
First of all, there will be some stuff two or two days after the performance.
I’m specifically reasoning with you about the lottery.
Do you think it was rejected or accepted?
Tell him that I will get to know my wife in a few days.
Mr. Shen, when can we talk to Madam?
I contacted Mr. Shen yesterday
She said she and her wife would definitely come today